(arrows whooshing)
[Woman] Some people feel peace
looking at a painting.
Some fall in love smelling a
fragrance.
I was in heaven
listening to Willie.
(gentle country music playing)
♪ I'm crazy ♪
Well, when days are
lesser than bright,
we all need a friend to lean on.
♪ Well, I gotta get drunk ♪
♪ And sure do dread it
'cause I know ♪
♪ And wind up
singing the blues ♪
♪ I'll spend my whole
paycheck on-- ♪
My mother had her own
special friend
to lean on, but he didn't
seem to help her
and make her happy, like
Willie's music did to me.
I was so convinced
that his music
could do the same to her
than what it did to me.
I had a plan.
(somber country music plays)
♪ In the twilight glow I see ♪
♪ Blue eyes crying in the rain ♪
(upbeat country music plays)
♪ Whiskey river, take my mind ♪
♪ Don't let her
memory torture me ♪
But she couldn't let go
of her destructive friend.
♪ Whiskey river, don't run dry ♪
♪ You're all I've got,
take care of me ♪
I remember the day
when I realized
that my plan wouldn't work.
(gentle country music playing)
♪ Well, hello there ♪
♪ My, it's been a long,
long time ♪
And, I remember the day
my mother proved me right.
♪ I guess that I'm doing fine ♪
♪ It's been so long now ♪
♪ But it seems now ♪
♪ That it was only yesterday ♪
That was the last time
I listened to Willie
until I heard about his farewell
concert in Las Vegas.
[August] Greta?
Las Vegas is quite a trip.
And at this point, I tell you,
I felt pretty guilty
for secretly
selling my husband's
Porsche to get there.
Well, at least I left him
half of the money.
What could I do?
I needed to see
Willie once, live,
at his very last concert.
(upbeat country music plays)
♪ On the road again ♪
♪ Just can't wait to get on
the road again ♪
♪ The life I love is making
music with my friends ♪
♪ And I can't wait to get on
the road again ♪
♪ On the road again ♪
♪ Going places that
I've never been ♪
♪ Seeing things that I may
never see again ♪
♪ And I can't wait to get on
the road again ♪
♪ On the road again ♪
Greta!
♪ Like a band of gypsies we go
down the highway ♪
Greta!
♪ We're the best of friends ♪
♪ Insisting that the world
keep turning our way ♪
♪ And our way ♪
♪ Is on the road again ♪
♪ I just can't wait to get
on the road again ♪
♪ The life I love is makin'
music with my friends ♪
♪ And I can't wait to get on
the road again ♪
♪ I can't wait to get on
[Driver] Tell Willie I love him.
I will.
(gentle music plays)
Yes ma'am.
I need a room for tonight.
Okay, I need your driver's
license and a credit card.
May I pay cash?
No, only credit card ma'am.
My credit card is not working.
Well, I'm sorry ma'am,
but there's--
Please, please, please,
one night.
Okay.
You'll have to put up
$300 deposit.
It's fully refundable.
I'm assuming everything's okay
when you check out.
100.
Oh, you got euros?
Let me recalculate.
Euros, different story.
That'll be 550, including tax.
Okay.
100, 200, 300, 400,
500, 550.
Okay, here's your key.
And the elevator is
on your right.
Do you need any help
with your luggage?
- No, thank you.
- Okay.
Hey, Willie's great.
He is.
It's your first time in the US.
I just flew in from Germany.
I can see that.
What?
Your feather is broken.
Excuse me?
♪ If you had not have fallen ♪
♪ I would not have found you ♪
♪ Angels flying too close
to the ground ♪
♪ And I patched up your
broken wing and ♪
Excuse me, I'm in a hurry.
Your feather's broken.
Your feather is broken.
(elevator bell dings)
(door closes)
♪ If you had not a-fallen ♪
(gentle country music plays)
♪ Then I would not
have found you ♪
♪ Angel flying too close
to the ground ♪
♪ And I patched up your
broken wing ♪
♪ And hung around a while ♪
♪ Trying to keep your
spirits up ♪
♪ And your fever down ♪
♪ I knew someday that you
would fly away ♪
♪ For love's the greatest
healer to be found ♪
(dial tone ringing)
(phone ringing)
Spin 'til you win.
(upbeat music playing)
Excuse me.
Where can I get money for this?
- Can you take that back for me?
- Yeah, sure.
I'll be there in a sec.
Follow me.
For the lady.
♪ I patched up your broken wing
and hung around for a while ♪
♪ Trying to keep your spirits up
and your fever down ♪
Excuse me.
There's something going on
with that girl.
Excuse me.
Thank you.
Ready?
"Hawaii Wedding Song" please.
Are you sure that's the
one you want?
[Woman] Yes.
Thank you. Thank you.
For you and you and you.
All right guys, you ready for
this, "Hawaiian Wedding Song?"
(gentle music plays)
♪ This is the moment ... ♪
♪ ... I've waited for ♪
♪ I can hear my heart singing ♪
♪ Soon, bells will be ringing ♪
♪ This is the moment ♪
(roulette ball bouncing)
Yeah!
Why are you so excited?
You didn't win.
♪ I will love you longer
than forever ♪
♪ Promise me that you will
leave me, never ♪
♪ Here and now, dear ♪
♪ All my love ♪
♪ I vow, dear ♪
♪ Now that we are one ♪
♪ Clouds won't hide the sun ♪
[Dealer] Black wins.
♪ Blue skies of... ♪
I need to go now.
♪ On this, our wedding day ♪
♪ I do ♪
[Man] You can't
leave this early.
The night is young
and so are we.
But not Willie!
♪ With all my heart ♪
[Man] Hey!
Wait.
What do you mean by,
"Not Willie?"
Willie Nelson, do you know him?
Yeah.
I'm going to see his
last concert in
In 39 hours in Las Vegas.
Well, if you're such a
country music fan,
you gotta come with me tonight
to a special event
across the street.
They play Willie
there on repeat.
(upbeat country music plays)
♪ Whiskey river, take my mind ♪
♪ Don't let her
memory torture me ♪
♪ Whiskey river, don't run dry ♪
♪ You're all I've got,
take care of me ♪
(woman screams)
(upbeat country music plays)
♪ I'm drowning in a
whiskey river ♪
♪ Bathin' my memory's mind
in the wetness ♪
(woman screams)
Don't drink too much.
(man groans)
Shouldn't have drink so much.
(door closes)
(birds chirping)
(horns honking)
(phone ringing)
(siren wailing distantly)
Hello.
[Hotelier] Mrs. Weingarten,
Were you planning on
checking out today?
Housekeeping needs to clean the
room for our next guest.
What?
My flight.
What time?
When is your flight?
1:30.
Well, Mrs. Weingarten, it's one
o'clock right now.
I'm afraid you're not
gonna make it.
Jet lags rough.
Go ahead and take your time.
I'll move the other guests to
another room in the meantime.
(siren wailing)
(horns honking)
(Greta gasps)
(sighing)
(dramatic music plays)
(elevator bell dings)
(gentle music playing)
Somebody robbed me.
Excuse me.
Somebody stole all of my money.
Well, I'm sorry to hear that
Mrs. Weingarten.
Somebody stole your belongings
from your hotel room?
Yes.
Well, do you know who this
somebody could be?
Yes.
Well, do you want me to
call the police?
You should file a
detailed report, ASAP.
Chances are slim, but you
should still file.
How much refund do I get back?
You'll get $300 refund minus
the incidentals.
Did you take anything out
of the minibar?
No.
Well, then you'll get
a $300 refund.
Is that enough to rent a
car to Las Vegas?
Well, yes, maybe.
But how are you gonna rent a car
without a valid credit card?
Everything in this
country works,
if you have a valid credit card,
seemingly.
May I offer you a call
on the house?
It's right over there.
Yes, thank you.
Sure.
(dial tone ringing)
(phone line trilling)
August?
(gentle dramatic music plays)
(dial tone ringing)
Greta?
(phone line beeping)
(brakes squealing)
(gentle music playing)
Rough night at the tables?
Are you okay?
No.
You wanna get a bite to eat?
Yes.
I'm Nick, by the way.
Greta.
I know the best place in
town for burgers.
It's up this way.
[August] This is a call from
Germany, Deutschland.
[Recording] At the
Grand Palace--
This is long distance.
Hello.
A fresh lobster plate,
caviar at Falling Rocks and
the tuna dragon.
No, no, no, no, no,
no tuna dragon.
I don't need that, no, no.
(horns honking)
Shit.
Hey Jackson, did you see that
blonde German girl anywhere?
Her husband's looking for her.
No sir, I haven't.
If you prefer some
peace and quiet...
I don't need that.
Why don't you swing into
the wellness bar?
A flower bath,
a sea mud wrap...
[August] I don't want
to be pulled
into that advertisement,
stop it.
[Recording] ...a full
body massage.
[August] Why don't you just
wrap your fucking sea mud
around your fucking face?
Sir?
Yes, I'm still here.
Your wife
already left the
property, I'm sorry.
Maybe you do need a massage.
Okay.
To summarize,
you sold your husband's Porsche
to pay for a plane ticket
to the United States to see
Willie Nelson's final concert.
That asshole last
night robbed you.
You lost all your money
and you can't call your husband
because he's still furious
about the Porsche.
Somehow, understandable.
How much money do you have?
300.
300, all right, online bookings
is doable, hotel.
Maybe I could rustle
you up a car.
Rustle you up?
(chuckles)
I have a friend who might
loan you his car,
but it's still a
seven hour drive.
Good. And...
Check, please.
Look, if you want, you can stay
at my place tonight.
I won't steal anything,
I promise.
There is nothing left to steal.
(gentle music playing)
Nice place.
Thanks.
Help yourself with
anything in the fridge.
You can just put your stuff on
the couch if you want,
make yourself comfortable.
(helicopter whirring
by overhead)
(gentle country music plays)
You know this one?
No.
♪ I get my energy from the sun ♪
That's beautiful.
♪ And I'm not the only one ♪
♪ And I feel better
when I'm done ♪
♪ I get my energy from the sun ♪
You should loosen up a bit,
babe.
♪ I get my oxygen from the air ♪
♪ There's plenty for me and
plenty to spare ♪
You really should
loosen up a bit.
♪ I can find it anywhere ♪
Okay.
I've got an early shift,
I'll be back in a couple hours.
♪ I get my oxygen from the air ♪
♪ I plant my seeds in the
howling gale ♪
♪ But the laws of nature
still prevail ♪
♪ Look at them seeds
and look at me ♪
♪ The apple didn't fall far
from the tree ♪
(vehicle horns
honking distantly)
(sirens wailing distantly)
(suspenseful music plays)
(gasping)
(breathing heavily)
(gentle music plays)
♪ At the end of the line ♪
♪ There's a whole lot of
mindless chatter ♪
♪ When the heart of the
matter is seen ♪
♪ You'll see what's the
matter with me ♪
You hungry?
[Greta] That is
really beautiful.
Did you do that?
You know what, have a seat.
You should play that on stage.
You can start without me,
I already, I already ate.
Thank you.
Good appetit!
Guten Appetit.
What is it with you and Elvis?
My grandmother was a
fan when a...
...she died, she left me
her collection.
Did you ever meet him?
No.
Nah, he died young.
I was, I was, I was too young,
didn't get a chance.
(gentle music plays)
Is that the reason you sing
in his costumes?
No.
I...
I don't think so. I mean...
I don't know.
What?
[Greta] Your friend
with the car.
It's all set.
As long as you don't sell it.
No, I don't, I promise.
Thank you, Nick.
Tell me more about the time
before you came back
to see Willie.
You married August and you
had friends over,
every what, Tuesday?
Yes, every Tuesday.
- Ooh.
(all laughing)
(tea pot whistling)
(gentle country music playing)
(couple laughing and chattering)
♪ Well, hello there ♪
♪ My, it's been a long,
long time ♪
♪ How am I doing ♪
♪ Oh, I guess that I
am doing fine ♪
♪ It's been so long now ♪
♪ But it seems now ♪
♪ That it was only yesterday ♪
♪ Gee, ain't it funny ♪
♪ How time slips away ♪
[August] Las Vegas?
Farewell concert?
I don't know what it is
with Willie and me.
He inspires me to do what I do.
Maybe I have to find out
what that is...
exactly.
[Nick] So it's right up here.
- [Greta] Mm-hmm.
- [Nick] I think you'll like.
It's a... it's a long way.
It's right here.
Here, let me grab that for you.
But this is your truck.
That's not the truck
of your friend.
Ah, I've always been my
own best friend.
Don't you need it?
I work two blocks away,
I can walk.
It's good for me.
That way I don't become
the fat Elvis.
Key.
And you're gonna
need to fill up.
Thank you Nick.
You're welcome.
So just call me when you
get there, okay?
Uh, hey!
I...
...love your red lips.
Thank you.
They remind me of somebody.
Yeah, your lips remind me of
the exchange lady.
Her lips.
Oh.
I found this in the elevator.
Um...
Could you please give
it back to her?
Oh sure, okay.
So, just take a right and you're
on the US15 the whole way.
I will call you as soon
as I get there.
- Please.
- I promise.
Please.
Hey!
Don't sell my truck!
♪ Too many pain killers,
to much pot ♪
♪ Tryin' to be something
that I'm not ♪
♪ Superman, Superman ♪
♪ Tryin' to do more than I can ♪
♪ Got a little out of hand,
I ain't Superman ♪
♪ Well, I blew my throat and
I blew my tour ♪
♪ I wound up sippin' on
soup du jour ♪
♪ I wasn't Superman,
I wasn't Superman ♪
♪ Tryin' do more than I can ♪
♪ I got a little out of hand,
I ain't Superman ♪
[Man] Hey babe,
let me be your Superman.
No, you're not.
It's Willie Nelson.
(upbeat country music playing)
(fuel indicator beeping)
♪ We don't run,
we don't compromise ♪
♪ We don't quit,
we never do ♪
(horn honking)
♪ We look for love,
we find it in the eyes ♪
♪ The eyes of me and
the eyes of you ♪
♪ You are the road,
you are the only way ♪
♪ I'll follow you,
forever more ♪
♪ We'll look for love,
we'll find it in the eyes ♪
♪ The eyes that see through
all the doors ♪
(birds chirping)
(gentle country music plays)
♪ The red headed stranger from
Blue Rock, Montana ♪
♪ Rode into town one day ♪
♪ And under his knees was a
ragin' black stallion ♪
♪ And walkin' behind was a bay ♪
♪ The red headed stranger had
eyes like the thunder ♪
♪ His lips, they were
sad and tight ♪
♪ His little lost love lay
asleep on the hillside ♪
♪ And his heart was
heavy as night ♪
(gas pump rattles)
Did you pay honey?
Oh, do I have to pay before?
Sure do.
In Germany, we pay afterwards.
Now how great is that?
I sure wish you could trust
people around here like that.
Hmm.
(door entry bell dings)
(car engine cranks)
♪ The yellow haired lady leaned
out of her window ♪
♪ An' watched as he
passed her way ♪
♪♪ She drew back in fear at the
sight of the stallion ♪
♪ But cast greedy
eyes on the bay ♪
♪ But how could she
know that-- ♪
(door opens)
(car engine hissing)
[Woman] Sit tight kids.
May I help you, is
everything all right?
Does it look all right?
Can't you see, me and the kids
are on our way to see
their dying grandpa
and...
well...
now it looks like
we ain't gonna make it on time
to say or goodbyes.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
I'm on my way to Las Vegas,
if I can give you a lift?
Hi, nice to meet you.
My name is David.
Hi.
Hello, I'm Esther,
nice to meet you.
Hi.
And my name's Gabriel. I'm six.
I'm Rebecca, nice to meet you.
Thank you so much.
I'm Greta.
Come, come with me.
[Greta] And you really think
everything that happens,
happens for a reason?
[Rebecca] That's right, Greta.
[Greta] That I should
not feel guilty
that I sold my
husband's car because,
in a way it is something that
he can learn from?
That's right, Greta.
What can he learn from it?
Well, he could learn to let
go of materialism
and to forgive.
And if he can't learn to
forgive you, to let go,
well then he is caged
inside of himself,
angry and frustrated.
(horn honking)
Ulrich?
(dog barking)
(August scoffs)
(horn honking)
See, it is what it is, says...
[Kids] Love!
(Rebecca chuckles)
(upbeat music playing)
[Greta] I should have at least
asked my husband
before I sell his car.
(Rebecca chuckles)
That would've been
pretty stupid.
But if you raised your
children so religious,
doesn't religion say you
should not steal?
That's right, Greta.
David, why don't you begin
with the first commandment
for Greta, please.
"I am the Lord, your God."
"You shall worship no
other God but me."
That's right.
"You should honor your mother."
"You should not commit murder."
Except in times of war.
"You should not
commit adultery."
Except in times of war.
You should not...
You should not steal or lie.
Except in times of war.
You should not covet your
neighbor's housekeeper,
gardener, car or anything else
your neighbor possesses.
- Except in times of war.
- In times of war.
- War.
Amen.
[Greta] Lucky, we don't live
in times of war.
And don't you read the papers?
Don't you watch the news?
Oh, turn right here.
I know a shortcut.
♪ Oh, I'm laying them down ♪
♪ I just started laying
my burdens down ♪
♪ Oh, I'm laying them down ♪
♪ I just started laying
my burdens down ♪
Mommy, I'm really hot
and my tummy hurts.
Can I please have some coke?
Yes, baby.
But not too much.
(can pops)
Now you're gonna have to be
more careful, baby.
I told you.
- I'm sorry.
- I'm terribly,
terribly sorry.
Oh, that's just the pits.
I know a little rest
stop up ahead
where you can get cleaned up.
Oh, that has to be
awfully sticky.
Here, make the next right.
(truck engine rumbles)
Where is this rest stop?
Oh, it's right up the road.
Why couldn't we stay on
the main road?
[Rebecca] Oh, trust me, honey.
We're almost there.
Besides, I said it's a
shortcut anyway.
There it is.
(wind blowing)
(birds chirping)
(door slams)
(truck engine rumbles)
(dramatic music plays)
Wait!
Hey stop!
(breathing heavily)
(horns honking)
(sirens wailing)
(gentle music playing)
(bell dings)
Isn't that Elvis?
Why isn't he wearing his
costume today?
I have no clue, ma'am.
Eh.
(guitar music playing)
(ladies chattering)
♪ Finally, we start ♪
♪ To get to the heart ♪
♪ Of the matter ♪
Jump in guys.
♪ Been thinking so long ♪
♪ Wondering what's going
on all the time ♪
♪ At the end of the line ♪
♪ There's a whole lot of
mindless chatter ♪
He's looking good
and everything.
I agree.
♪ When the heart of
the matter is seen ♪
♪ You see what's
the matter with me ♪
♪ And I know you're
a quick one ♪
♪ But I'm still a quicker one ♪
♪ I'm sliding right
onto your game ♪
♪ And you might wanna ♪
- Okay.
♪ Catch me ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm letting
everyone know ♪
♪ You're a cruel and
unusual dame ♪
♪ Who don't care who she kills ♪
♪ And gets high for the
thrill of it ♪
♪ Finally, we start ♪
♪ To get to the heart
of the matter ♪
Don't mind.
♪ I've been working so long ♪
♪ Wondering what's going
on all the time ♪
♪ And at the end of the line ♪
♪ There's a whole lot of
mindless chatter ♪
♪ When the heart of the
matter is seen ♪
♪ You'll see what's the
matter with me ♪
That was so nice.
Oh yes it was so nice.
But could you put the
Elvis costume on?
- Oh yeah.
- It looks so good on you.
Yes, the beautiful glittery one.
He looks great in jeans too.
The sparkly one.
You look best in the
sparkly one.
And you know.
Already done?
No, but I forgot my costume.
Forgot?
Hey,
thanks again for the lipstick.
Guess what I found in
the elevator?
Oh?
That's for her too,
if she likes.
I'm sure she likes.
Thank you.
(horn honking)
Mom?
Yes, darling?
Do you think I look like
Britney Spears?
Well.
Maybe just a little bit?
No, honey, you're
more beautiful.
(siren wailing)
You sit tight kids,
I need a cigarette.
Mom, you shouldn't smoke.
Except in times of war.
Shut up.
Elvis,
hey.
Elvis, can I get an autograph?
Well, you got a pen and paper.
Of course.
Mom, do you have a
pen and paper?
Yes, darling.
This is my truck.
[Rebecca] No.
- No.
Yes, this is my truck.
This isn't yours and
you know it.
It is.
We bought it.
From who?
Her name was Greta.
What?
What did you pay?
$5,000.
You have that kind of cash?
- You got a receipt?
- No, I don't.
She didn't have a pen and
paper at the time.
You just asked for some.
You know what?
Let's just let the
police decide.
Now hey, we don't like that.
[Esther] Not all, no.
You know, I wish people could
trust each other more
in these difficult times.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, what
happened to Greta?
She, well...
She was very nice, I left
her my gummy bears.
We lost her on some
road to Las Vegas.
Where exactly?
I don't know.
A little road, about 200
miles from here.
Now, do you see what
I mean kids?
Times of war.
(gentle guitar music plays)
(truck whooshing)
(gentle guitar music playing)
Hey Charley.
Hey, is that, that German woman
called you yet, Greta?
No, but her husband did.
He seems to have a huge problem.
Well, look, if she calls,
tell her to call me okay?
Will do, Nick.
(phone line clicks)
Where are you?
The ladies are getting restless.
(dial tone ringing)
Okay.
(gentle music playing)
(ladies chattering)
(can clanks)
(vehicle engine revving)
May I have some water please?
Sure.
Thank you.
I need to make a call.
May I use your phone?
Can she use yours?
It's just a US call.
It's so typical.
How do I know if she won't
run off with it?
This is Marielle.
We only use her for the...
car pool lane.
When we driving by ourselves.
She needs some air, man.
We could use a second one.
Oh, come on.
You're scaring her.
I love your accent.
Where are you from?
Let me guess...
Sweden?
I'm from Germany.
- Nice.
- Nice place.
Where are you going?
I'm going to see Willie
Nelson's farewell concert
in Las Vegas.
Hey, come with us.
We're going to L.A.
for vacation.
We could have a little party.
You could fly to Las
Vegas from there
and we'll get lunch on
the way back.
You must be starving.
Come on.
Give her your damn cell phone.
No, she's gonna call Germany.
You know how much money that is?
I just need to call
somebody in Los Angeles.
Look, she even knows
somebody in Los Angeles
and she still doesn't wanna
drive with us over there.
I don't trust her.
Only if she gets in.
Please, can I use your phone?
How did you end up here?
Somebody stole my car.
Stole your car?
Yes, we--
We live in times of war,
you know?
What kind of bullshit is
she trying to sell?
Jesus.
Don't listen to him.
Jump in the car.
We bring you to Los Angeles.
Nothing's gonna happen,
I promise.
Jump in, make the call
and jump out.
I'm not gonna move the car,
not one inch.
We'll drive you to the next gas
station, what about that?
Okay, okay, then go.
(blows raspberry)
Good luck out here on your own
and have a good concert,
if you even make it.
(laughing)
(dramatic music plays)
(wind rustling)
[Man] Yeah there's a
frenzy over here.
Everybody's wondering
where she's at.
So she didn't call then?
No, she didn't call here.
Shit.
Yeah, I'd tell you,
you know that.
I appreciate it, Ron.
My pleasure.
No, I hope she's okay.
Me too Nick.
[Greta] Hello?
Hello.
(eerie whispering)
(dial tone ringing)
(buttons clicking)
[Recording] We're sorry.
Your call cannot be--
(buttons clicking)
[Recording] We're sorry.
Your call cannot be
completed as dialed.
Please check the number
and dial again.
(snake hissing)
(Greta gasps)
(snake hissing and rattling)
(snake hissing and snapping)
(dramatic music plays)
(truck brakes squeak)
(door closes)
(bird squawking)
(engine rumbles)
(soft country music plays)
♪ When the evening
sun goes down ♪
♪ You're gonna find me
hanging round ♪
♪ The night life ain't
no good life ♪
♪ But it's my life ♪
What an honor. The King of
Rock'n Roll himself.
What can I do for you, Elvis?
Did you see a young blonde
woman in a flower dress
come in here today?
- Today?
- Yes.
No.
Okay. Damn.
Um, gimme a beer, please.
[Bartender] Okay.
Excuse me,
did you maybe see a
blonde woman,
pass through today
in a flower dress?
(soft rock music playing)
Your girlfriend run away?
Friend.
Her car was stolen.
She's lost somewhere
between Los Angeles
and Las Vegas
on her way to see Willie
Nelson's farewell concert.
- His last one, right?
- Uh huh.
Well, we've heard that before.
Yeah.
Why don't you write your
phone number down
and if she comes through,
I'll call you.
All right.
Appreciate it.
(phone ringing)
Good luck.
- Hello.
- Hello,
this is August Halsig, the
husband of Greta Halsig.
Am I speaking to Elvis,
Nick the impersonator?
Ah yes.
(August laughing)
Really funny.
Who hasn't really
wanted to be Elvis?
I mean, this is really cool.
What can I do for you?
My wife sold my Porsche
for 7,500 Euro.
Okay. And, and, and, and,
and she,
she burned down my kitchen.
Wait, what?
[August] Yeah.
This is no joke, no joke.
♪ Blue eyes crying in the rain ♪
I mean,
do you know where I
can reach her?
Well, no,
she's lost.
Her cell phone is broken.
All I know is that
she's somewhere between
here and Vegas.
I'm looking for her right now.
What do you mean she's lost?
Where is she lost?
She was on her way to Willie
Nelson's farewell concert.
No, no, no, I told her,
I told her not to go to
this concert.
Do you, do you know if she
did it on purpose?
On purpose?
What?
Burning down the kitchen.
I mean, selling the Porsche.
I mean, burning down
the kitchen,
because that's what the
insurance company believes.
Yes, they believe she did
it on purpose.
Ah...
No, she didn't.
It will be all good, you know.
We have to stick together,
you and me, okay?
So either I call you or you
call me, right?
Okay, okay buddy.
Thank you, thank you.
(phone line clicks)
(fire crackling)
(insects chirring)
You have a good trip?
Willie?
Where am I?
Who are you?
You're at Bones' place.
You got bit by a snake,
but picked you up on the road,
but you're gonna be okay.
November 23rd.
I have to be in Vegas in three
hours and 30 minutes.
How far is it?
It's not that far.
Hop in, I'll give you a lift.
Where's my bag?
Right there.
No.
No, I mean my suitcase.
That's the only one there was.
♪ All you ladies are
looking so fine ♪
♪ One of you gals is
gonna be mine. ♪
♪ I'll tell you what honey,
don't be shy ♪
♪ I gonna tell you something,
I'll tell you why ♪
♪ I said a hubber, hubber,
hubber ♪
♪ Hubber, hubber, hubber ♪
♪ Here I come, here I come ♪
♪ I said baby, baby,
baby, baby, baby ♪
♪ Well watch me now,
I'm gonna to rock no-- ♪
How far?
(horn honks)
Oh, about 70 miles.
Could you please drive
a bit faster?
I can't.
Why?
I just can't drive faster.
Could I please drive then?
Well sure.
[Bones] Pull over right here.
Can't this truck go faster?
No, that's why I
coudn't drive faster.
(Greta sighs)
We have 60 miles to go
and this truck only drives
30 miles an hour.
That means we have two
more hours to go
and the concert starts...
...now!
That's fine.
That's fine?
Yeah, that's fine.
That's not fine.
I came all the way from Germany
to see Willie Nelson,
once,
live,
at his last concert.
Who cares?
I sold my husband's Porsche.
You wanna hear the concert?
[Radio Announcer] And now we
take you to our live broadcast
of Willie Nelson's farewell
concert in Las Vegas, Nevada.
♪ You don't think I'm
funny anymore ♪
♪ You used to laugh at
all my jokes ♪
♪ Even though you'd heard
them all before ♪
♪ But you don't think
I'm funny anymore ♪
I think I'll take a
little cat nap.
♪ I used to fake a
heart attack ♪
♪ And fall down on the floor ♪
♪ But even I don't think
that's funny anymore ♪
(audience applauding)
♪ And the more they change the
more they stay the same ♪
♪ And there ain't no blame ♪
♪ Sometimes the picture just
don't fit the frame ♪
♪ And this is where the cowboy
yields the floor ♪
♪ 'Cause you don't think
I'm funny anymore ♪
(audience cheering)
Thank you very much.
Now this next new song,
there's places in there
where it says, "Take
back America."
Y'all jump in there and sing
that part with me.
You want to?
Shit.
Need a ticket?
How much?
Three.
That's pretty steep.
Someone will pay it.
I guess that someone is me.
♪ There is a peaceful solution
called a peace revolution ♪
♪ Now let's take back America ♪
♪ It's a dream, so believe it ♪
♪ Now get ready to receive it ♪
♪ And we'll take back America ♪
♪ There's a war and
we're in it ♪
♪ But I know we can win it ♪
♪ And we'll take back America ♪
♪ When the war is over
and we've won it ♪
♪ Just remember how
we've done it ♪
♪ So we don't have to
do it again ♪
♪ There is a peaceful solution
called a peace revolution ♪
♪ Now let's take back America ♪
(lively country music playing)
♪ On the road again ♪
♪ Just can't wait to get on
the road again ♪
♪ The life I love is making
music with my friends ♪
♪ And I can't wait to get on
the road again ♪
♪ On the road again ♪
♪ Going places ♪
We are here, can you
please direct me?
Oh yeah.
That way.
No, no, I was, I thought,
I meant it's over there.
I made a mistake,
I thought I was wrong.
(soft country music playing)
♪ Maybe I didn't love you ♪
(audience cheering)
♪ Quite as often as I
could have ♪
♪ Maybe I didn't treat you ♪
♪ Quite as good as I
should have ♪
[Greta] Thank you so much!
♪ Girl I'm sorry I was blind ♪
♪You were always on my mind ♪
♪ You were always on my mind ♪
Please, is there any
chance to get in?
It's sold out.
Every seat is taken.
- Please.
- No tickey, no watchy.
You got no ticket, so beat it.
♪ I guess I never told you ♪
♪ That I'm so happy
that you're mine ♪
♪ Little things I should
have said and done ♪
♪ I just never took the time ♪
(audience cheering)
♪ You were always on my mind ♪
♪ Tell me ♪
♪ Tell me that your sweet
love hasn't died ♪
♪ And give me ♪
♪ Give me one more chance to
keep you satisfied ♪
♪ I'll keep you satisfied ♪
(soft country music playing)
♪ Little things I should
have said and done ♪
♪ I just never took the time ♪
♪ You were always on my mind ♪
Thank you very much.
(audience cheering)
(Greta groans)
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
[Band Member 1] Wow, look at
the bra this girl threw at me.
[Band Member 2] Wow.
(Greta groaning)
(Band members laughing
and chattering)
(Greta yelling)
Are you okay?
Mr. Nelson?
Yeah.
May I have your autograph?
Sure.
You got a pen?
No.
- Anybody got a pen?
- Here you go.
Okay.
With love...
to...
So what's your name?
Greta. Greta Weingarten.
Okay.
How do you spell it?
Oh.
- G-
- R-
- A-
- E?
No! E-
G-R-E-
G-R-E-T-
- A-
- E?
W-
W-W-I-
W-I-
No, E-I-
W-E-I-N-
N-G-
- A-
- Yes, A-
R-
N-G-A-
R-T-
- R-T-
- G-, yeah T-
- T-
- Um, I-N.
I-N.
- No E-N, E-N.
- E-N.
Okay.
Where are you from?
I'm from Germany.
Oh yeah, I was there
about five years ago.
I was in Munich.
It's a great country, I love it.
I learned to do the
Schuhplattler.
(Greta laughing)
Well have a good stay.
Mr. Nelson.
Yeah?
I...
I just need you to know
your music
always gave me hope.
It...
always made me move forward
when I wanted to give up.
Well thank you very much for
that compliment.
But I'm sure that wasn't me.
I'm sure that was all in you.
But you're right about
moving forward.
That's all we got.
(bus engine cranks)
By the way, how'd you
like the concert?
I missed it.
Oh well,
maybe it wasn't the
last one anyway.
(harmonica music plays)
(Nick chuckles)
I did not sell your truck.
- I know.
- But I don't have it.
You know?
I got it back.
You got it back?
I'm really lucky you
didn't sell my car.
I'm damn hungry.
How about you?
Me too.
[Nick] So,
how did that lady and
the kids get my car?
Well, I was on the porta potty,
while...
(harmonica music playing)
I love the American kitchen.
It's so unhealthy but so good.
Still no reason to burn down
your own kitchen.
No.
So you didn't do it on purpose.
What?
Your kitchen.
Your kitchen burned down.
Your husband called me
asking for you.
You spoke to my husband?
Yes, he called me.
Um,
he wanted to know if I thought
you had done it on purpose
or if you had said
anything about it
or whatever, the kitchen.
He got my number from the hotel.
the milk, could have done it.
But that's not your fault.
It's just bad luck.
For August.
Well,
it is kind of his own fault.
His fault?
Lady wants to go to a concert,
you take the lady to
the concert.
(Greta sighs)
(insects chirring)
(truck door closes)
Hello.
- Ah, can we get...
- How can I help you?
- Ummm...
- Um...
Two rooms for the night please.
And we need a taxi
in the morning
and a wake up call.
What time is your flight?
10.
10, you have to be
there at eight.
So seven for a wake up call.
Yes sir.
Pay tomorrow.
Okay.
This is me.
Nick.
Thank you.
Hey,
don't light any candles.
No.
(door opens and closes)
(footsteps outside)
(motel clerk snoring)
(birds chirping)
(phone ringing)
Greta!
Who cares.
Who cares?
That's fine.
(motel clerk snoring)
(birds chirping)
(insects chirring)
(footsteps outside)
(door opens)
(door closes)
(coyote howling)
(engine rumbling)
Nick.
Greta.
I have nothing to wear.
What a shame babe.
Help yourself to anything
left in the room.
(soft country music plays)
♪ Live every day ♪
[Greta] Hey!
♪ Like it was your last one ♪
Wait!
♪ And one day you're
gonna be right ♪
(Greta yelling)
♪ Treat every one like you
wanna be treated ♪
♪ See how that
changes your life ♪
♪ Yesterday is dead and
tomorrow is blind ♪
♪ And the future is way
out of sight ♪
♪ Live every day like it
was your last one ♪
♪ And one day you're
gonna be right ♪
♪ If there someone you love ♪
♪ You haven't told them ♪
♪ You oughta tell them today ♪
♪ If there someone
you've wronged ♪
♪ And you've not
said I'm sorry ♪
♪ It might be a good
thing to say ♪
♪ Pick up the phone and send
them a message ♪
You like?
♪ It's time to make
everything right ♪
♪ Live every day like it
was your last one ♪
♪ One day you're
gonna be right ♪
♪ Live every day like it
was your last one ♪
♪ And one day you're
gonna be right ♪
Yes,
very much.
(truck rumbles)
I love this color.
Thank you.
I like it too, babe.
It's from the exchange lady.
What?
So is this.
It's something from my savings.
It's not much but, should keep
us going for a while.
Moving forward.
That's all we got.
(upbeat country music plays)
This joint is not lit.
(both laughing)
♪ Roll me up and smoke me ♪
♪ When I die ♪
♪ And if anyone don't like it,
just look 'em in the eye ♪
♪♪ I didn't come here
and I ain't leavin' ♪
♪ So don't sit around and cry ♪
♪ Just roll me up and smoke
me when I die ♪
♪ Now you won't see no sad
and teary eyes ♪
♪ When I get my wings and
it's my time to fly ♪
♪ Call my friends and tell 'em ♪
♪ There's a party, come on by ♪
♪ Now just roll me up and
smoke me when I die ♪
♪ Roll me up and smoke
me when I die ♪
♪♪ And if anyone don't like it,
just look them in the eye ♪
♪ I didn't come here
and I ain't leavin' ♪
♪ So don't sit around and cry ♪
♪ Just roll me up and smoke
me when I die ♪
[Greta] I'm so thankful
for the journey,
inspired by Willie's music.
It was a bumpy road but...
[Willie] Eva, come out.
Let's do a song that we
wrote together.
[Greta] Doesn't everything
happen for a reason?
♪ It's nonsense says reason ♪
♪ It's pleasing says teasing ♪
♪ It is what it is, says love ♪
♪ It's impossible
says careless ♪
♪ It's inevitable,
says fearless ♪
♪ It is what it is, says love ♪
(audience cheering)
[Eva] It's unforgettable.
♪ And its nonsense says reason ♪
♪ But its pleasing
says teasing ♪
♪ It is what it is, says love ♪
(audience cheering)
(soft country music playing)
♪ It's unforgettable
says lonely ♪
♪ It's timeless says time ♪
♪ It's explosive says pride ♪
♪ It's poetic, says rhyme ♪
♪ It's nonsense, says reason ♪
♪ But it's pleasing,
says teasing ♪
♪ It is what it is, says love ♪
Big finish now.
(audience cheering)
Eva Hassmann.
See, things ain't all that bad,
you know.